as you know on Friday we swore in a new
president anywhere from two hundred
fifty thousand to two hundred fifty
million people were on hand to witness
the inaugurated show on earth and one of
those people was Donald Trump super fan
Jake Berg
[Music]
daddy's home again daddy's home hey make
it look like my big dog make it look
like my job
I think Donald Trump is a smart leader
and I think he's gonna make America
great again
absolutely you know the demyx and the
Liberace's keep saying that Donald Trump
does not support the LGBT gif but let me
tell you something he loves those up
lady dudes okay happens expensive
escorts he hired were part fella amen
gonna be so really disappointed and what
actually happens as a result it's time
for us to come together as a country to
move forward to forget about the past
and move forward towards the past at a
time when women's reproductive rights
where women's reproductive wrongs and
sick people stayed sick you gotta just
keep your hands off my body
you guys are so libertarian what I do
whatever you want you don't want any
kind of government after it's except you
feel entitled to tell me what to do yeah
yeah it's definitely taken a 360 from a
typical president and he's an amazing
author he writes in that think big and
kick-ass about his personal stuff
business chapter seven one thing I love
is food last night they came up with the
perfect way to make a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich the secret is to put
peanut butter on both sides of the bread
that way the jelly doesn't leak through
and make the bread all soggy
anyway we got to get rid of the Mexicans
by a flag
just stop jumps up for sale come on the
other fish again
you got cut-rate artificial gear right
here yeah you're laughing but this is
not a joke if this was a joke I'd say
why is Donald sex life like his last
name they both end in B but it's not a
joke you guys want some Trump stuff are
you guys cops you got to tell me if you
are Optimus Prime you see the furs this
is where Forrest Gump got aids from
Jenny we gotta get these clothes off
people tonight five minutes like Where's
Waldo in here a well-known Bruce
Springsteen tribute band the B Street
Band will not be playing at a Washington
gala after all
hello New Jersey
are we ready to show Washington how we
party New Jersey style
[Music]
Oh
I wasn't to be here it was wonderful
we have a president who's not afraid to
say the things that the voices in my
head scream is this foreign press NATO
thank you it's finally some non fake
news let me tell you something the guy
who fired Tim bet is about to have his
hand of a Lincoln Bible Americans
already great again okay it's also to
happen the crowds are filing in let's
find a place where we can get really
really close to people Jose can you
the 45th President of the United States
of America Donald J Trump
the United States of America is your
country your country now we also get
Russia it's a twofer we share one heart
one home I shared one hard with my
brother in the womb but in the beating
up we will shine for everyone to follow
keep my Chinese day building
stay together we will make America
strong
again we will make America safer yeah
together we will make America break
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares